[CUBRIDMAN-215] modify the manual by tech div's requirement (#513)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/jsp.rst

*   [*option*]

    *   **-y**: automatically overwrites a file with the same name, if any. If you do not use this option, you will get a prompt asking if you want to overwrite the file with the same name, if any.

>     *   **-j(or --jni)**: moves to the path for statically loading Java \*.class files or \*.jar files. This option should be used to prevent native library loading errors, when loading class included JNI (native libraries). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   **-j(or --jni)**: moves to the path for statically loading Java \*.class files or \*.jar files. This option should be used to prevent native library loading errors when loading classes that include JNI (native libraries).
```

Author: thank you, i will apply your opinion.
